sooner has inbound sir coming in hot
they look like people
by the gods
every day the surface-dwellers grows
stronger
they have guardians with powers I say we
break the seal on the Atlantean war
plans our only hope for peaceful
existence with the surface dwellers is
with the one who is of both worlds my
other son
what are you
I wish I knew pal they will destroy this
planet in take Atlantis with it we must
protect our people and attack this is
genocide billions will die find Arthur
Currie fast
is Atlantis everything green death
breath this is your birthright Arthur
I'm in join me and we will bridge those
worlds in peace kill the humans
ah
is law
he needs a code name well online they're
calling him Aquaman
hate that Aquaman it is